my name is Tyson huger I'm from
Scottsdale Arizona I'm a 29 year old
data analyst by day kind of a roadtrip
warrior by weekend today I'm here to
celebrate an anniversary of sorts my
Acura Legend has completed its 500
thousandth mile and so Acura has invited
me here to their corporate office in
California to complete that milestone my
acura legend was a car that I bought
used by most people's standards in fact
it was used up a friend of mine
encouraged me earlier this year to start
documenting some of my travels since I I
spent so much time behind the wheel and
Acura having found this blog that I keep
called drive to five started following
the blog and developing this interest in
sharing the celebration with me I've
seen many milestones happen or
throughout the ownership of my Acura and
this one for some reason drove a lot
more emotion I'm looking at nines all
the way across the board right now let
me tell you Tyson is one special Acura
owner he owns an absolutely beautiful
1994 Acura Legend coupe LS that is
turning over 500,000 miles in about the
next 60 seconds
that's a lot of zeros right there
pulling around the corner into the front
of backyards office there was a huge
banner there with my name just bigger
than life Tyson that is one heck of an
accomplishment and on behalf of all the
staff here we want to say thanks and
congratulations to you on this great
achievement so what about his special
ride his legend has the original engine
transmission Tyson's been through about
somewhere between 80 and 100 oval
changes five timing belt and water pumps
about every 90,000 miles and we have
timing belt and water pump number six
and also for your car this students a
certificate for all your service we now
in the end of 2012 I'm really surprised
by the reception that was provided I
didn't know what to expect and was just
completely blown away by Acuras
hospitality and level of commitment and
enthusiasm for someone who drives an old
Acura blew me away to see all of you
here and I just can't thank you enough
for your support here's the next half a
million I guess